this video is sponsored by Squarespace
pockets like a cage see all accessories
no no hi who are you I'm Sara from
another multiverse I'm here to warn you
see I bought too many cameras I drained
my bank account and then I just stopped
making youtube videos I actually had to
finish my engineering degree anyways I'm
filthy rich but I'm not happy I'm really
jealous of the moon vloggers there's
more to videos than new gear and I think
you should remind the people that you
know make make a new video about it okay
yeah you're right I am gonna make this
video it's not just about me buying my 6
or 7 the camera that I don't need but
it's for the greater good it's for you
guys who maybe you're buying your first
camera or your 6 camera and you need to
think a little bit before you drop the
thousands of dollars so welcome to 7
things you need to know before buying a
camera period
[Music]
ok so we're coming to this video
hopefully you have a little bit of
camera knowledge but I would break
camera's down into three categories
cinema DSLR and mirrorless so these
cinema cameras they're bigger they take
more money to rake them up they're
bulkier you can't take them anywhere in
everywhere so that's kind of why I go
with the mirrorless route they're very
very versatile the Sony a7 3 is great
for pictures great for video it has 4k
up to 30 frames per second has slo-mo
we're good to go DSLRs are kind of bulky
and honestly they're kind of so four
years ago I'm sorry Canon I used to love
you will get two Canon later they still
have value even in the Blackmagic pocket
Cinema 4k is relatively cheap in terms
of cinema cameras and it gives you that
look you still gotta rig it up and it
really is maybe a good studio camera I
also have a ton of experience with the
original Blackmagic pocket Cinema
cameras and what I remember going
through with you know adapting my Canon
lens to at getting a speed booster so
you can really have more depth than that
that tiny sensor gives you
to work to use that camera so so me
personally right now I'm like I don't
want to do that work my my a 7-3 is good
for right now right now okay moving on
to number two I think I'm getting better
balancing on this okay number two lenses
if the camera body is half the equation
the lenses is the other half like I said
earlier I started on Canon even though
they're DSLR bodies don't really
interest me anymore that l glass it has
a history it's beautiful punchy contrast
II but also it's everywhere because it
has decades and decades of a legacy so
one you can find them used everywhere
and number two
don't be stupid like me and just sell
off all of your glass because glass is
an investment what's funny about the EF
mount is you can adapt it to literally
any body so if I just kept wow that
there's like a theme of regret already
if I kept that L glass the EF mount I
could mount it with an adapter or a
speed booster to really any camera out
there however once you start talking
about adapting and speed boosters I will
remind you if you're strictly into
photography and auto focus is key just
by native glass don't worry about
adapting but if you're doing a lot of
video you're manually focusing anyways
honestly you could just buy EF glass and
you could be fine from your first DSLR
to a mirrorless to a cinema camera but
where I found myself in the world of
mirrorless having Sony system Panasonic
I just by native glass and I'm going to
be much slower to selling it off because
Micro Four Thirds glass that I used to
my GH 5 guess what it works on the
Blackmagic so there is some crossover
with different body systems just make
sure to learn about Micro Four Thirds EF
mount F Mel email each camera system
will have a different mount and there's
certain rules on what adapting you can
do
mmm chick number three and four kind of
go together so I said the Lin's in the
body or half-and-half but those together
I would say are 60% 70% and then the
rest is audio and lighting my pie chart
is really getting confusing this was the
first thing I thought of it was like
yeah I'm gonna buy some new cameras I
was like no Sarah you need to work on
your lighting you need to work on your
audio just adding a 200-dollar live
system makes the world's difference
instead of like being lazy and just
using a shotgun mic on top of your
camera in an office like this we're just
kind of big and echoey that wasn't
cutting it and just taking that extra
step to add a love mic makes the world's
difference also just adding kind of just
like a soft box this is the aperture 120
Dean so my next steps I don't know what
this looks like for you is to replace
these ugly florescent lights that are
it's just it's awful maybe add some more
120 V's spaced it out have some
diffusion and also get rid of this echo
drop a couple K on those that's the
sound boards
the sound panels so my voice has less
places to bounce off of so you don't
just have to think but Mike you have to
think about the environment and just
adding a super soft light source don't
get those ugly LED panels from Amazon I
mean you can just make sure they're
diffused a soft light source makes a
difference moving on to number five over
there I'll take it from here Thank You
Squarespace for sponsoring this video
Squarespace is responsible for the
millions of creators around the world
who use their tools in order to make
their creative ideas come to life Sarah
I love your website it's a great way for
your subscribers to keep up with what
gear you're using even though I I would
like for you to rain that you know gear
habit back a little and Squarespace is
all-in-one platform you can claim a
domain build your website market your
brand and sell online Squarespace has so
many beautiful templates to choose from
depending on what project you're doing
from your side hustle to your main gig
if you're a photographer if you're a
designer you can build that beautiful
portfolio custom to your needs
if you run into a problem know
we're Squarespace has your back well
24/7 customer support via email or chat
I know when Sarah was building her
website she talked to them for hours and
hours on how to figure out how to change
the colors of the tiles on her home page
I know everything I'm all-knowing so go
to Squarespace calm for a free trial and
when you're ready to purchase that
domain or a website you can go to
Squarespace calm / Sarah deechi to get
10% off your first purchase okay Sarah
thanks for letting me do that that was
fun okay goodbye forever Oh over here
let's just get some fresh air cuz it is
spring and why see I'm in a t-shirt
green it is
so pretty being outside yeah I know okay
number five we're talking color I
figured we should probably get out
outside out of my dreary office if we're
talking about color every system is
different cannon they're known for
really good skin tones and really good
right out of the box good color you
probably won't have to color great it a
real-life example is Casey his vlogs
zero color I'm pretty sure I mean that's
just straight-up cannon color sony has
flatter picture profiles so you have
more versatility in color grading but
you kind of have to know what you're
doing in order to make it look good
fujifilm cameras they have the film
simulations like their color is mom it's
amazing really it comes down to how much
work do you want to do in
post-production of course people are
always concerned about image resolution
does it shoot 4k however you got to
think about color resolution I talked
about Sonia all the time but it really
maxes out at 8-bit why we go back to CG
h5s is it record some 10 bit those
pixels are just so dense and their color
and prettiness there's just a certain
depth to it more colors more information
and those said pixels well that just
means more flexibility and post you
could probably push the exposure on hh5
clip more than a classic clip from my
873 dynamic range like how many stops of
dynamic range that's another thing just
google it guys okay Google things
what's filming a video in the office but
it's such a beautiful spring day you
gotta kind of take a step outside hmm
yes New York
what are we talking about next
especially for you video rips don't be
scared of renting if you want to test
out camera before buying it
lens rentals comm is a good solution
rent something for three days for only
like 50 to 100 bucks buy used oh my gosh
buy use I started my entire career on
used Canon gear do it on Craigslist
though because then you can meet the
person feel the camera see if it's
working and then you fork over the money
remember use the buddy system so you
don't get kidnapped I don't see where
I'm going number seven don't follow
trends I know me and other people are
constantly making new videos on what is
hot with the new cameras nowadays for a
lot of times the research I'm looking up
what gear you need the new gear takes up
more time that you could actually be
going outside and learning the ins and
outs of the camera you already have this
happened recently with me with the the
DJ I like GoPro wannabe thing honestly
the stabilization amazing I was watching
a Peters example immediately I was like
I need this I need this do I need this
no I have like three GoPros I have a
GoPro seven like I'm good you have to
evaluate your priorities and during that
time you just asked do I know the ins
and outs of my current camera is there
more I can learn can i push it to its
limits oh yes I sometimes do go outside
I know it's hard to believe anyways let
me know if you like this video if you
any more questions if you're a first
time camera buyer or maybe you just want
to step things up let me know and I'm
gonna try to be down there in the
comments answering answering your
questions make sure to check out my
Squarespace link 10% off is it my
Squarespace link or is it her
Squarespace link we share links but
thank you so much for watching a new
podcast maybe at some point soon make
sure to keep up with me on the socials
by the time that you're viewing this I'm
probably going to either be in Taiwan or
South Korea which is very exciting I get
to meet John's grandma who lives
Kariya who hasn't seen in 20 years I
don't I probably make a youtube video
about it but if you want to follow me on
Instagram stories I don't even say
Instagram I just say like Instagram
stories anyways let me know if you like
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week it until next
time guys stay peachy okay
[Music]
they gotta do it on my own but I'm now